# QA Engineer Skill Test: Fernando Gomezgit
## Web Automation
This test aims to evaluate your ability to implement web automation tests using either Cypress
or Playwright within a limited time frame (up to 2 hours) choosing any other framework will result
in your submission being disqualified. The focus will be on automating critical user flows for a
clothing store website, the expected code should cover one test case only, we encourage this
test case to be adaptive to Desktop and Mobile viewport. You are encouraged to use libraries
such as Faker for generating random data and have the option to include accessibility and
performance testing using Lighthouse or similar.
## The website
<strong>https://automationexercise.com/</strong>

## B. User flow
1. Navigate to the website.
2. Go to the Products section.
3. Choose the third product shown in the product list and view its details.
4. Enter a random quantity generated by a function or by a library between 1 to 20.
5. Add the product to the cart.
6. Proceed to checkout.

## Final Mandatory step will be by the Register Login modal.
### Optional Steps:
7. Register a new user account using random data (use Faker for name, email, etc.).
8. Proceed to the cart and confirm the order.
9. Log out of the account.

## Task and Deliverables
1. Framework Selection
    I chose to ue Cypress due to:
    <ul>It's one of the latests languages I've used, and so, I'm comfortable using it</ul>
    <ul>It comes with built-in wait mechanisms and assertion libraries</ul>

2. Test Case Design
   Preconditions:
   <ul>User is on the https://automationexercise.com/ website.</ul>
   Test Steps:
   <ul>1. Navigate to the website</ul>
   <ul>2. Click on Products section</ul>
   <ul>3. Select the third option in the grid and validate its details</ul>
   <ul>4. Enter a random quantity (1-20)</ul>
   <ul>5. Add the product to the cart</ul>
   <ul>6. Proceed to checkout</ul>
   <ul>7. Register or login to complete the transaction</ul>
   <ul>8. Logout</ul>
   Expected results:
   <ul>The product should be successfully added to the cart with the specified quantity</ul>
   <ul>Checkout shoul proceed to login/registration page</ul>
   <ul></ul>
3. Automation Test Script Development
    <ul>npm run testChrome</ul>
    <ul>npm run testFirefox</ul>
    <ul>npm run testEdge</ul>
    <ul>npm run testElectron</ul>
    
4. Optional Tasks
<ul>Inside cypress -> lighthouse you'll find a report stating Performance, Accesibility, Best practices and SEO errors and warnings.</ul>

